<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<body>

<h1>Description</h1>
<p>  Pets 4 Vets is a fictitious 501c3 charity. After reading extensively on allowances made to veterans by the VA, and legislation that has since been implemented by Governor Newsom, I got to work on coding in HTML 5, CSS,and Bootstrap. Included are all the elements of Semantic HTML. In the interest of accessibility, I incorporated alt texts, in addition to incorporating code(which I keep incorrectly calling viewfinder) that makes websites accessible on multiple devices. Putting myself in the fictitious clients shoes, I was reminded of the reality that countless people across this country are competing for devices. I also researched the things that veterans are entitled to/not entitled to upon discharge. They are not given a brand new lap top. In the iteration of Tim O'Briens "The Things They Carried", I attempted to map out what a veteran would carry. They would certainly be carrying PTSD. There are numerous 501c3 charities that offer assistance with emotional support animals.Governor Newsom enacted legislatio
n that went into effect in September of 2020,Veterans are permitted to adopt shelter animals, at no cost to them. However, 
as of this writing, California has been in Phase 3 of Governor Newsom's plan to reopen the state for approximately a week 
and a half. Veterans have not miraculousy cured their PTSD, and shelter animals are living on the good graces of volunteers 
and the underpaid. I can't fix that, but I can provide a website in which veterans can interact with shelter babies so 
that they may find their forever homes. 
For the construction of this project, I implemented HTML5 to adhere to the semantics stated in the BCS Readme. I implemented Alt tags, and formatted so that the website 
can be viewed by all potential customers, regardless of socioeconomic status. This would be particularly attractive to CEO's of charitable organizations in the climate
of Covid-19. It would certainly be poor optics to deny veterans the ability to see an opportunity that could lead to their physical
and psychological betterment. The dimensions of the Pexel-obtained photo are not the greatest, but there is a clearly articulated friendship between man and dog in the picture. I also added an embedded YouTube player which uses Sarah MacLaughlin's "Angel" as a sort of
an elaborate shaming ritual(much in the vein of ASPCA commercials). This project was aided heavily by Google,geeksforgeeks.org
(for code snippets and general re-inforcement of key concepts),tutorial republic, CodeWolf for GitHub, Ruby, and Jekyll(even though I just began to start using them).<p>
</body>

</html>
